### Project Name : Commuter Airline Reservations

### Project Members :

- Ramesh Mannava
- Vaisali Namburi
- Naveen Sai Vupputuri

### Project Location :

http://cs3.mwsu.edu/~rmannava/dbProject/site/

### File List :

- README.md - This file explains the project on Airline Reservation System.
- site - This folders contains all php and html files.
	- assets - This folder contains all css,javascript and images that are used in project.
	- index.html - Its a home page for our website.
	- login.html - Its a form to give user details (email,password).
	- Registration_Form.html - Form for a new user to register.
	- load_Aircraft.php - It loads the data from Aircraft.csv to database table called Aircraft.
	- load_airports.php - It loads the data from airports.csv to database table called Airports.
	- load_distance.php - It loads the data from airport_distance.csv to database table called Distance.
	- load_price.php - It calculate the price of each reservation and loads into table Price.
	- load_reservations.php - We have generated the random data using php code into Reservations table.
	- load_users_db.php - By using the random user api we populated random data into Users table.
						  http://api.randomuser.me/
	- login.php - It validates the user mail and password and redirects to passengers.php. If it is not valid it redirects to login page.
	- passengers.php - After a user is logged in successfully it shows all the passengers in the system.
	- registration.php - This file is used to register a new user.
	
- documents - Contains all documents like .sql,.md,.jpg,.csv and .pdf.
	- Aircrafts.csv - It contains aircraft information.
	- airport_distance.csv - It has distance information between airports.
	- aiports.csv - It has airports information.
	- db_script.sql - Script to create tables and their relations.
	- load_data.sql - It has all insert queries.
	- commuter_airline_specs.md - Requirement document.
	- query_data.md - Tested queries data.
	- relational_diagram.jpg - Database diagram and relations between the tables.
	- Airport Reservation System.pdf - It is generated by phpmyadmin.